Why haven't I seen someone who has lost weight successfully?
You can't be buckwheat
lose weight
If you wanted to lose weight, you would have lost it already.
How could it wait until now?
And losing weight is not an easy task
It's impossible to charge so much at once.
What's not possible?
My daughter has extraordinary willpower
Oh, I see.
You are just covering up the affair
That's why he's your daughter
Stop lying here, I fart
Does my daughter have your share of questioning here?
Mr. Qi, Mr. Qi, you must believe me
The two of them are having an affair
He can't be buckwheat.
Ginger down!
You think I should believe you who are full of lies
Still believe them
In your eyes, are women's relationships that easy to fake?
Why not fake it?
Buckwheat is now alive and dead
Is it just the two of them talking?
Can you prove they are women?
Ladies and gentlemen, Buckwheat used to be a big fat man with more than 200 catties.
How could it be possible to suddenly lose weight like this?
He and Mr. Joe can't be women at all
Just to cover up their adultery
Tell me if I'm right.
Witt is buckwheat.
because
I am his mother